1.What are some new things happening in the web?

Answer: Artificial Intelligence and Bots, Single Page Application (SPA), Voice Search Optimization, Automation Testing, Blockchain Technology, Internet of Things (IoT), Virtual Reality, Cloud Computing, Data Security etc.

2.Explain a project that you have built?

Answer:
 recentely i created one E-commerce clothing website using reactjs & nodejs . 
I created the homepage,login & signUp page, product details page,
payment page and checkout page. All the data of this website is stored in the local 
storage . whatever it may be Login ,Signup data or  user product data. 
I stored all the data locally in my machine . For exploring the website you have to 
 first signup and also login and I categorised different sessection  of 
the products you can go through from starting to the end .And if you want to check 
any particular product you need to just click on the product it will redirect to the
 product details page .And you can purchase multiple Items and also delete the item 
from the cart . After that will lend the address page after filling all the information 
it will redirect to the payment page you have to put all the valid information there and
 for placing the order you hate to click on place order button and It will show your
 order  successful.
 i will again landed on home page for continue shopping

3. Whats something exciting that you have built?

Answer: 
Answer In this project I designed the beautiful UI part and dynamic functionality like  SignUp page, LogIn Page,
with user verification, and in product page add the all the product details, 
statically in my local machine, and add add to cart and remove from cart functionality, and validation payment page.


4.What are you most excited about?

Answer: 
This is my first job application, so I cannot say exactly what I am excited about when it comes to work. 
When you are young, however, everything looks exciting and promising.
I can assure you that I am looking forward to start working, after spending long years studying, and getting ready for this very moment.
What’s more, I really like what you do in this company, and it will be a dream come true to get a chance to work for you.



5. Why do coding standards matter? What are some patterns you follow?

Answer : The reason why coding standards are important is that they help to ensure safety, security, and reliability.
Coding rules and guidelines ensure that software is:
Safe: It can be used without causing harm.
Secure: It can’t be hacked.
Reliable: It functions as it should, every time.
Testable: It can be tested at the code level.
Maintainable: It can be maintained, even as your codebase grows.
Portable: It works the same in every environment.

6.How do you go about managing responsive websites?

Answer :  Focus On The Content, Get To Know The Media Query,  Keep A “Mobile First” Mentality, Create A Flexible Foundation, Optimize Your Assets, ake Your Website “Touch-Friendly”, Pick The Right Content Management System (CMS), Invest In Testing Tools etc.

7.What do you care about the most when you write software?

Answer: 
Acceptability. Software must be acceptable to the type of users for which it is designed. ...
Dependability & Security. Software dependability includes a range of characteristics including reliability, security, and safety. ...
Efficiency. ...
Maintainability.